Updating Power Plant Costing Documentation (#979)
IDAES/idaes-pse: docs/reference_guides/model_libraries/power_generation/costing/index.rst

Power Plant Costing Libraries
=============================

> The IDAES Process Modeling Framework contains a library of models specifically developed for modeling power generation systems. These models all built off of the core IDAES modeling framework and model libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IDAES Process Modeling Framework contains a library of models specifically developed for costing power generation systems. These models all build off of the core IDAES modeling framework and model libraries.
```
